you know some people you're gonna be
remembered the rest of your lives for
the day you got held up and kidnapped at
approximately 3 p.m. on August 22nd 1972
Sonny worzic and Sal naturally entered
the first Brooklyn Savings Bank and
attempted a robbery the attempt failed
there's no money here they picked it up
this afternoon it's on the 1100 this is
too much it's for you what the police
arrived Detective Sergeant Eugene
already what are you doing for the
people of the neighborhood it was a
sideshow
but for Sonny and Sal the hostages and
the cops it was a dog day afternoon it's
all of him rob a bank I got a plan I had
planned w any W plays all the hits will
you keep away from this banker we're
gonna start throwing bodies out the
front door one at a time I'm a Catholic
and I don't want to hurt anybody
understand well let the people other
thing I dare keep me alive I'm gonna let
him out sir can you tell me what the
situation is I'm a who has to go to
bathroom oh honey come on out yeah it's
just a freak show to them anyway the
most you're gonna get is five years you
get out in one year huh kiss me I mean I
don't know about that guy out there
hello Sonny you're on the air Sonny
Jesus I was watching it on TV dog back
there man I just needed Tony he needed
money he wants to kill me so bad he can
taste it can I reverse when you got a
sucker for a mother you're starting to
get on my nerves
we're entertainment right what are you
what are you what do you got for us
are you going back to that prison Sonny
I'm here with my partner and nine other
people see we're dying you're gonna see
our brains on a sidewalk they're gonna
spill our guts out
shouldn't I something like that boy
you're fine right kids did you being a
bankrupt the city I try to talk to you
mom what are you doing down here
son where am I gonna run I'll cure you
Algeria I can take out a hand with
Johnson's - so I'm going one I get a
helicopter here - takes us to a jet
three
I'm flying to the tropics we did it
al pacino Dog Day Afternoon a true story